hey guys Shanaya here welcome back to my
channel you guys asked for it here it is
again this is my uncle bought that witha
back on his outfit of the day this is
the outfit that he wore to the wedding I
was telling you guys about I'm a few of
you guys requested for pictures I will
put in the pictures that we both took
towards the end of this video okay so
what you see here is the hats right baby
the hat was provided by my uncie um it
was her daughter's wedding so the Hat is
part of the men's I should be if you
guys can see the hats and we may come
closer so they can see the Hat look at
the detail there it this is like
Corvettes correct I shook a material it
is well made you can see the Trevin all
around and you can also see the
embroidery as well okay so we got the
Hat and back up a little bit so you can
see the whole outfit so this is the rest
of the attire you can see that the top
is traditional as well as the bottom as
well and the whole outfit the top and
the bottom was created by his name his
pillow mr. hazine and Lego the man knows
what he's doing and I believe that's the
pocket square you have on your pocket
with you rank is that part of the outfit
a spot you can actually decide to use a
pocket square or not I think that makes
it a little bit english though yeah just
a little bit what is so traditional
shower and of course he has his am
regular what is it called a ivory bangle
I was always weird he always wears that
with traditional you guys have seen that
and I believe I see a watch to his left
it was my that's hardly visible ok Mac
echo watch and on his right hand he has
his awful now this is going to be an
interactive video okay you guys can
someone
they tell me what awful is used for and
why usually the men why they usually
have beautiful I it comes in much bigger
sometimes the size varies but you can
usually spot a few EBO man handling your
phone or their chief fancy title or
whatever the case is so if you guys know
why your voice usually used tell me okay
um and that's pretty much dad the shoes
is wearing is regular black shoe I don't
see anything special about that it goes
to the hole up there and that's pretty
much it if we turn around babe there you
go um yes and I believe this one is
actually south-south if I am mistaken
please correct to me alright guys that's
it for today I will be back during the
weekend I'll bring you guys a new video
thank you thank you
you